Documentation: `public` needs global scope (#57916)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/modules.md

VERSION >= v"1.11.0-DEV.469" && eval(Meta.parse("public a, b, c"))
```

> The `export` keyword can be used in both global and local scopes, whereas the `public` keyword is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `export` keyword can be used in global scope, local scope, and quotes whereas the `public` keyword is
```
Worth mentioning that `:(public a)` doesn't work.

Author: Excellent point, thank you!

However, this brings us to the next issue: `public` is not even mentioned in the AST documentation. If we are going to document how not to create `public` expressions, I believe it is only fair to also document the correct method for doing so. Therefore, I have extended the current PR to include these points. I hope this is okay with you.

Can you please do another review? Please be particularly thorough when checking the introduced link, as I was unable to build the documentation and thus the link is untested (and my understanding of how they work is limited).

> The `export` keyword can be used in global scope, local scope, and quotes whereas the `public`
> keyword is currently limited to the global scope. This limitation exists for compatibility reasons,

Reviewer: Re-reading the implementation at `JuliaSyntax.jl/src/parse.jl`, I realize that this is more precise:

```suggestion
`export` is a keyword wherever it occurs whereas the `public` keyword is currently limited to the syntactic top level within a file or module. 
This limitation exists for compatibility reasons,
```

Author: Ok, thanks, I changed it accordingly.

as `public` was introduced as a new keyword in Julia 1.11 while `export` has existed since Julia

> 1.0. However, this restriction on `public` may be lifted in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.0. However, this restriction on `public` may be lifted in future releases so do not use `public` as an identifier anywhere.
```

Author: Changed (with small modifications)
